Chrono Trigger Database
by Michael Springer (t.geiger@gmail.com)

. Data Format.txt (Tab-delimited) - Structure descriptions for the various bits of data floating around in the ROM
. Enemy AI Actions Long Notes.txt - Extra information for Enemy AI Actions that does not easily fit into a table format
. Enemy AI Actions.txt (Tab delimited) - Lists all actions used for Enemy AI and describes the format of their operands
. Event Command Long Notes.txt - Extra information for Location event commands that does not easily fit into a table format
. Event Commands, BETA.txt (Tab-delimited) - Lists all commands used for Location events and describes the format of their operands, according to the Japanese Beta release
. Event Commands.txt (Tab-delimited) - Lists all commands used for Location events and describes the format of their operands, according to the North American and Japanese releases
. Game Notes.txt - Sort of a miscellaneous info file
. Lists.txt - Lists of various things, as used by Temporal Flux
. Memory Locations Long Notes.txt (Tab-delimited) - Extra information for memory locations that does not easily fit into a table format
. Memory Locations, BETA.txt (Tab-delimited) - Format descriptions of information held in memory, according to the Japanese Beta release
. Memory Locations.txt (Tab-delimited) - Format descriptions of information held in memory, according to the North American and Japanese releases
. Offset Long Notes.txt - Extra information for offsets that do not easily fit into a table format
. Offsets, BETA.txt (Tab-delimited) - Raw locations and descriptions for data in the CT ROM, according to the Japanese Beta release
. Offsets, JPN.txt (Tab-delimited) - Raw locations and descriptions for data in the CT ROM, according to the Japanese release
. Offsets, NA.txt (Tab-delimited) - Raw locations and descriptions for data in the CT ROM, according to the North American release
. Overworld Command Long Notes.txt - Extra information for Overworld event commands that does not easily fit into a table format
. Overworld Commands.txt (Tab-delimited) - Lists all commands used for Overworld events and describes the format of their operands
. Tech Animation.txt (Tab-delimited) - Lists all commands used for Tech Animations and describes the format of their operands
. Unknowns, Help Needed.txt - Summary of unknown items we could use help on

Feel free to send me information about errors and additions.  When you contribute, other people don't have to waste time figuring out the same stuff.



Release 2011.03.03
...And maybe it will actually make it to the website this time.  New entries include location object memory.  Proper usage allows NPC parties.

Release 2008.07.17
Preliminary information on Enemy AI and Tech Animations.

Release 2008.02.14
A number of topics covered in this release, including string handling and battle data.

Release 2007.06.12
Has it really been 2.5 years since I updated the public file?  Yeash.  Contains all information we know about Chrono Trigger as of this date, including some information not yet incorporated into Temporal Flux.

Release 2004.11.23
Contains all information used to make Temporal Flux.  Amount of information has grown to 2.5 times its previous size.

Release 2003.07.10
Lots of new stuff found, now that compression has been reverse engineered

Release 2003.06.02
Instrument table found, couple of SPCs identified, BRRs expanded in anticipation of identification

Release 2003.05.23
Quite a bit of uncompressed data catalogued.  Most notably strings, character and menu graphics, and SPC information.




Contributers:
Chickenlump
FuSoYa
Jigglysaint
JLukas
JPSondag
Justin3009
Mauron
Vagla
Vehek
Venture930
WaddlerD
...and various members of the Chrono Compendium forums